PRIVACY POLICY

SparkyBot ("us", "we", or "our") operates SparkyBot (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding collecting, using, and disclosing personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information under this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

Definitions
Service
Service is the SparkyBot
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the Service or from the Service infrastructure (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and how any personal information is processed. For this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)

Data Subject is any living individual using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally, identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Your IP Address
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials, and other information that may interest you. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by contacting us.
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. This is all stored by Google and not us. We may use email addresses in the future only to send registered users emails about our Service.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include a unique anonymous identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies such as beacons, tags, and scripts are also used to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use: Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to keep you logged in to Discord on our site. We also use Google Analytics, which uses cookies for general statistical data to help us learn and grow about how to make a better user experience.

Use of Data
SparkyBot uses the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain our Service

To notify you about changes to our Service

To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so

To provide customer support

To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service.

To monitor the usage of our Service

To detect, prevent and address technical issues

To provide you with news, special offers, and general information about other goods, services, and events that we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.

Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), SparkyBot legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.

SparkyBot may process your Personal Data because:

We need to perform a contract with you

You have permitted us to do so

The processing is in our legitimate interests, and your rights do not override it.

For payment processing purposes

To comply with the law Retention of Data

SparkyBot will retain your Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

SparkyBot will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data will be used to strengthen the security or improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for more extended periods.

Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers outside your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
SparkyBot will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and under this Privacy Policy, and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place, including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements

SparkyBot may disclose your Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of SparkyBot
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Disclosure of Data
If you are a European Economic Area (EEA) resident, you have certain data protection rights. SparkyBot aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit your personal data use.

Please get in touch with us if you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it removed from our systems.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you cannot perform these actions yourself, please get in touch with us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data. The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable, and commonly used format.
The right to data portability. You also have the right to withdraw your consent anytime SparkyBot relies on your support to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. " You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. Please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA) for more information.
Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its advertising network.
You can opt out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.

Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
As a third-party vendor, Google uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt-out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g., payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors, whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that we do not operate. If you click a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will inform you via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service before the change becomes effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. These Privacy Policy changes are effective when posted on this page.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Terms, please contact us by using /contact in Discord.
