TERMS OF SERVICE

Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms," "Terms of Service") carefully before using SparkyBot (the "Service") operated by SparkyBot ("us," "we," or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users, and others who wish to access or use the Service. Our Service is a discord bot with the dashboard. Our premium subscription provides additional features to the bot.
You agree to be bound by these Terms by accessing or using the Service. If you disagree with any part of the terms, you do not have permission to access the Service.

Purchases
Suppose you wish to purchase any available product or Service through the Service ("Purchase"). In that case, you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase, including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, and your billing address.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you have the legal right to use any credit card(s)or other payment methods (s) in connection with any Purchase; and that (ii) the information you supply to us is accurate and correct, and complete.
The Service may employ third-party services to facilitate payment and the completion of Purchases. By submitting your information, you grant us the right to provide the information to these third parties subject to our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for reasons including but not limited to product or service availability, errors in the description or price of the product or service, error in your order, or other reasons.
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order if suspected fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction.

Availability, Errors, and Inaccuracies
We are constantly updating product and service offerings on the Service. We may experience delays in updating information on the Service and in our advertising on other websites. The information on the Service may contain errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Products or services may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable on the Service, and we cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information found on the Service.
Therefore, we reserve the right to change or update information and correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.

Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by SparkyBot

SparkyBot has no control over and assumes no responsibility for any third-party websites or services' content, privacy policies, or practices. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.

You acknowledge and agree that SparkyBot shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party websites or services you visit.

Therefore, we reserve the right to change or update information and correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.

Termination
We may terminate or suspend your access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.

Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless SparkyBot and its licensee and licensors and their employees, contractors, agents, officers, and directors, from and against all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs, or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, or b) a breach of these Terms.

Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, or course of performance.
SparkyBot its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure, or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components, or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.

Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the restrictions above may not apply to you.

Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed under the laws of United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions will remain in effect. These Terms constitute our agreement regarding our Service and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had regarding the Service.

Changes
At our sole discretion, we reserve the right to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material, we will provide at least 30 days' notice before any new terms take effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. You can no longer use the Service if you do not agree to the new terms.

Contact us
If you have any questions about our Terms, please contact us by using /contact in discord.
